Here are the instructions for the game, CRAPS!

a new round of craps begins the following takes place:

1) The shooter selects two dice to roll.

2) The shooter must make a Pass Line bet – either on the Pass or Don't Pass line (we’ll soon go through what that means).  Other players at the table also make bets.

3) The shooter begins the round by rolling the dice off the opposite wall of the table. The shooter's first roll is known as the come-out roll.



As we said, the shooter has to make either a Pass bet or a Don’t Pass bet before the first roll – the come-out roll. If the come-out roll is a 7 or 11, then the Pass bet wins and the Don't Pass bets lose. This scenario ends the round. If the come-out roll is a 2, 3 or 12, also known as “craps,” the pass line loses and the don't pass line either wins This also ends the round.

If the come-out roll is a 4, 5, 6, 8, 9 or 10, then that specific number becomes the player's point. The dealers at the table then place a puck on top of that specific number on the table.  The shooter continues to roll the dice until he or she rolls the point number 7.  If the point number is rolled, then Pass line bettors win and Don't Pass bettors lose. If a 7 is rolled, Pass line bets lose and Don't Pass bets win.



Pass Line: Pass line bets are the easiest craps bets to make. When you wager on the pass line, you are betting that either a 7 or an 11 will be the result of the come-out roll. If a shooter rolls a 7 or 11 on the come-out roll, you double your money.

If the shooter rolls a 4, 5, 6, 8, 9 or 10 instead, then a point is established. When you bet the Pass line, you want that point number to be rolled again, (before the shooter rolls a 7). If the shooter does hit the number before rolling a 7, your Pass line bet is doubled.

If the shooter rolls a 2, 3 or 12 (or craps) on the come-out roll, then you lose your Pass line bet. If a point is established and a 7 is rolled before that point value, this also results in a lost Pass line bet.

Don't Pass Line: Don't Pass bets are the opposite of Pass line bets. When you make a Don't Pass bet you are basically betting against the shooter.  You want the shooter to crap out (roll a 2, 3 or 12) on the come-out roll.  If a point is established on the come-out roll, then your goal as a Don't Pass bettor is to have the shooter roll a 7 before hitting their established number.

SINGLE ROLL BETS:

Three (Ace Deuce): Wins if the shooter rolls a 3 and pays 15 to 1.

Any 7 (Big Red): Wins if the shooter rolls a 7 and pays 4 to 1.

Any Craps (Three way): Wins if the shooter rolls a 2, 3 or 12 and pays 7 to 1 for each number.

Two Craps or Aces (Snake Eyes): Wins if the shooter rolls a 2 and pays 30 to 1.

Twelve Craps (Boxcars or Midnight): Wins if the shooter rolls a 12 and pays 30 to 1.

Field Bets : Wins if the shooter rolls either a 2,3,4,9,10, 11or 12. The 3,4,9,10 and 11 pay even money, and for a 2 or a 12 the payout is 2 to 1.  